Adds tasks and designs, and splits these into folders (#322)
CodeYourFuture/HTML-CSS-Module-Project: level-2/README.md

# karma-clone
## Level 2

> The aim of this exercise is to add a new section to the homepage, and create a new page with an Order form.

Author: This is really an overview of the task, and the break down is further down in the instructions. If it were longer and more complex I'd agree but I think they can handle this sentence :)

### Set up

You can choose to add your code for Level 2 to the same branch you were using for Level 1, or to create a new 'level-2' branch. 

# Instructions

> - You'll find the designs inside the 'level 2' folder.

Author: We've recently had an issue where students started re-creating designs that were in the repo files, rather than following the readme screenshot. I think there's no harm in leaving both in?

> - You'll find the designs inside the 'level 2' folder.

Reviewer: Sounds like some students will need this info so let's leave it in then. Could we update `'level 2'` to `` `level-2` `` to match the folder name?

- Add the new design block in your `index.html`

> - Create a new page called `order.html` and re-create the design for the Order form page (find this in the Level 2 folder as well)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new page called `order.html` and re-create the design for the order form page (the design is `level-2/store-desktop.png`)
```
WDYT about referring to the image explicitly here?

> - For the Order page styles, you can keep using the same `style.css` file and add your Order page styles in there. Make sure the stylesheet is imported in the `<head>` of `order.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the order page styles, you can keep using the same `style.css` file and add your order page styles in there.
```
WDYT about leaving out this hint so that students can try to recall the solution themselves?

You could also create a specific `order.css` file - just make sure you're not duplicating the CSS already defined in `style.css`! 

> - Connect the 2 pages by making the homepage's "Get Karma today" button navigate to the Order page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect the 2 pages by making the homepage's "Get Karma today" button navigate to the order page.
```
Nitpick

# karma-clone
## Level 2
The aim of this exercise is to:
-  add a new section to the homepage
-  create a new 'store' page with an order form
-  connect the 2 pages together by adding navigation

# Instructions

- You'll find the designs inside the 'level-2' folder.
- Add the new section in your `index.html`
- Create a new page called `store.html` and re-create the design for the store page (the design is `level-2/store-desktop.png`)
- For the store page styles, you can keep using the same `style.css` file and add your store page styles in there.

> You could also create a specific `store.css` file - just make sure you're not duplicating the CSS already defined in `style.css`! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You could also create a specific `store.css` file. Make sure you don't repeat the CSS already in `style.css`! 
```

- Connect the 2 pages by:
  - making the homepage's "Get Karma today" button navigate to the store page.
  - making the header navigation "Store" link navigate to the store page, and the "Meet Karma" link navigate to the homepage.

**Stretch goal**

> - Custom radio buttons and checkbox: the 2 radio buttons and the checkbox in the store page design are tricky to style and will require you to do a little research. Focus on the rest of the form and layout first, and leave these until the end as a stretch goal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Custom radio buttons and checkbox.**
The two radio buttons and the checkbox in the store page design are tricky to style. You will need to do some research to build these custom form controls. Focus on the rest of the form and layout first, and leave these until the end as a stretch goal.
```

# karma-clone
## Level 2
The aim of this exercise is to:
-  add a new section to the homepage
-  create a new 'store' page with an order form

> -  connect the 2 pages together by adding navigation

Author: Broke this down :)
